Add Cryptoversidad to the Spanish resources (#6592)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/community/language-resources/index.md

- [Curso Introducción a Ethereum Development](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLTqiwJDd_R8y9pfUBjhkVa1IDMwyQz-fU) - Solidity basics, testing and deployment of your first smart contract
- [Curso Introducción a Seguridad y Hacking en Ethereum](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLTqiwJDd_R8yHOvteko_DmUxUTMHnlfci) - understand common vulnerabilities and security issues in real smart contracts
- [Curso Introducción a DeFi Development](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLTqiwJDd_R8zZiP9_jNdaPqA3HqoW2lrS) - learn how DeFi smart contracts work in Solidity and create your own Automated Market Maker

> - [Cryptoversidad](https://www.youtube.com/c/Cryptoversidad) - Non-techninal blockchain education from begginer to advanced. Learn everything about crypto and Ethereum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Cryptoversidad](https://www.youtube.com/c/Cryptoversidad) - Non-technical blockchain education from beginner to advanced. Learn everything about crypto and Ethereum.
```
